[prometheus-blackbox-exporter] adjust extraEnv handling (#5722)
prometheus-community/helm-charts: charts/prometheus-blackbox-exporter/README.md

_See [helm upgrade](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_upgrade/) for command documentation._

### To 10.0.0

> - `extraEnvFromSecret` got replaces with `extraEnvFrom`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `extraEnvFromSecret` got replaced with `extraEnvFrom`
```

> - `extraEnv` handling got changed to use valid k8s env definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `extraEnv` handling got changed to use k8s env definitions as list of maps
```
